Create ui-c8y-1023-17-10-alarm-or-event-label-is-now-displayed-in-legend-instead-of.md (#4068)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-17-10-alarm-or-event-label-is-now-displayed-in-legend-instead-of.md

---
date: ""

> title: Data point graph legend now displays Alarm/Event label instead of type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Data point graph legend now displays alarm/event labels instead of the type
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65446
version: 1023.17.10
---

> Previously, the legend displayed the event type for each entry. It now displays the alarm or event label instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the legend for alarms and events in the "Data point graph" widget displayed the type of the entries. This issue has been resolved. The legend now correctly displays the configured alarm or event label instead.
```

---
date: ""

> title: Alarm or event label is now displayed in legend instead of type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Data point graph legend now displays Alarm/Event label instead of type
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65446
version: 1023.17.10
---
# Backport

This will backport the following commits from `develop` to `release/cd`:
- [fix(Web SDK): [MTM-65446] Alarm or event label is now displayed in
legend instead of
type.](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-ui/pull/10682)

<!--- Backport version: 9.5.1 -->

### Questions ?
Please refer to the [Backport tool
documentation](https://github.com/sorenlouv/backport)

[MTM-65446]:
https://cumulocity.atlassian.net/browse/MTM-65446?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiNWRkNTljNzYxNjVmNDY3MDlhMDU5Y2ZhYzA5YTRkZjUiLCJwIjoiZ2l0aHViLWNvbS1KU1cifQ

> Co-authored-by: Enio Sultan <92023325+eniosultan@users.noreply.github.com>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, the legend displayed the event type for each entry. It now displays the alarm or event label instead.
```
